com/jchin/movie/fragment/FragmentFavoriteMovie.java
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentFavoriteMovie
com/jchin/movie/retrofit/ResultsTv.java
 com.jchin.movie.retrofit.ResultsTv
com/jchin/movie/adapter/ViewPageAdapter.java
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.ViewPageAdapter
com/jchin/movie/retrofit/ApiAdapter.java
 com.jchin.movie.retrofit.ApiAdapter
com/jchin/movie/realm/RealmHelper.java
 com.jchin.movie.realm.RealmHelper
com/jchin/movie/utils/BottomBarBehavior.java
 com.jchin.movie.utils.BottomBarBehavior
com/jchin/movie/fragment/FragmentTV.java
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentTV
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentTV$1
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentTV$2
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentTV$3
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentTV$4
com/jchin/movie/BuildConfig.java
 com.jchin.movie.BuildConfig
com/jchin/movie/fragment/FragmentFavorite.java
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentFavorite
com/jchin/movie/fragment/FragmentFavoriteTv.java
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentFavoriteTv
com/jchin/movie/model/ModelTV.java
 com.jchin.movie.model.ModelTV
com/jchin/movie/model/ModelMovie.java
 com.jchin.movie.model.ModelMovie
com/jchin/movie/adapter/TvHorizontalAdapter.java
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.TvHorizontalAdapter
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.TvHorizontalAdapter$1
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.TvHorizontalAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.TvHorizontalAdapter$onSelectData
com/jchin/movie/adapter/MovieAdapter.java
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.MovieAdapter
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.MovieAdapter$1
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.MovieAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.MovieAdapter$onSelectData
com/jchin/movie/fragment/FragmentMovie.java
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentMovie
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentMovie$1
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentMovie$2
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentMovie$3
 com.jchin.movie.fragment.FragmentMovie$4
com/jchin/movie/networking/ApiEndpoint.java
 com.jchin.movie.networking.ApiEndpoint
com/jchin/movie/retrofit/ModelTrailer.java
 com.jchin.movie.retrofit.ModelTrailer
 com.jchin.movie.retrofit.ModelTrailer$Result
com/jchin/movie/TelevisionActivity.java
 com.jchin.movie.TelevisionActivity
 com.jchin.movie.TelevisionActivity$1
com/jchin/movie/retrofit/ApiService.java
 com.jchin.movie.retrofit.ApiService
com/jchin/movie/MovieActivity.java
 com.jchin.movie.MovieActivity
 com.jchin.movie.MovieActivity$1
com/jchin/movie/model/ModelTrailer.java
 com.jchin.movie.model.ModelTrailer
com/jchin/movie/adapter/TvAdapter.java
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.TvAdapter
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.TvAdapter$1
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.TvAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.TvAdapter$onSelectData
com/jchin/movie/retrofit/Result.java
 com.jchin.movie.retrofit.Result
com/jchin/movie/adapter/MovieHorizontalAdapter.java
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.MovieHorizontalAdapter
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.MovieHorizontalAdapter$1
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.MovieHorizontalAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.jchin.movie.adapter.MovieHorizontalAdapter$onSelectData
com/jchin/movie/MainActivity.java
 com.jchin.movie.MainActivity
 com.jchin.movie.MainActivity$1
